Zealthy - Full Stack Engineering Exercise

The coding exercise is to create a "Custom Onboarding Flow" for users. Admins of the app (perhaps
non-technical) would like to be able to customize the user onboarding flow. Several fields that are to
be collected are known. But the team would like to be able to easily change the page that these
fields appear on, perhaps for A/B testing, etc. The app should be broken down into three sections,
outlined below. You should attempt to complete this in less than 5 hours of dedicated time and
submit the completed exercise as both a github repo URL, and a live deployed demo URL, to Kyle
(kyle@getzealthy.com), Travante (travante.richardson@getzealthy.com), and Ryan
(ryan.detert@gmail.com). You may complete this in one or more sittings, and should do so within a
few days of receiving the exercise prompt.
Section 1 - User Onboarding Section
This should be the main page of your app. It should have fields for email and password, and allow
them to be submitted and persisted to the backend database. The onboarding flow should be
structured similar to a "wizard"--such that the user is aware of where they are at in the overall
onboarding flow. There should be three pages in the flow. The 2nd and 3rd pages are customizable
via the admin section (see below). The three possible data "components" that can be added are: *
A large text area for an "About Me" section for the user
* An address collection set of form fields–one of each for: street address, city, state, and zip
* A birthdate selection UI element
Section 2 - Admin Section
This is an admin UI to manage which data "components" appear on which page. Each of the 2nd
and 3rd pages should always have at least one component on them, possibly two. Admins should be
able to modify which page each component appears on. So they might select Birthdate and About
Me for the 2nd page, then just address on the 3rd. For the initial configuration upon submission,
each page should default to having at least one "component" on them. It does not matter which ones
are set as the default. This section should be accessible via the "/admin" URL path of your app.
Section 3 - Data Table
This is simply an HTML table displaying the user data that is in the database. As the user navigates
through the flow, if this page is refreshed, it should show the new user data that has been entered. It
should not require authentication to access. It is purely for testing so we can see how the app is
interacting with the backend database. This section should be accessible via the "/data" URL path of
your app.

Frequently Asked Questions
What frameworks am I allowed to choose for the frontend?
Please use some version or variation of React. React or NextJS are both perfectly fine to use.
What frameworks am I allowed to choose for the backend?
Any! While we will review your backend implementation, it can be written in any programming language
and/or web framework of your choosing.
What types of databases am I allowed to use?
Something like PostgreSQL, MongoDB, MySQL, Supabase or Firebase are all perfectly fine to use.
Please do not use the browser's LocalStorage feature, but rather implement some sort of "backend" that
persists the user data to a database of some kind.
Does the Admin Section need to have the functionality to order the "components" on each page?
No! While this would be a great feature to have in practice, for the sake of time, it is not necessary to
implement a UI to order the form "components" on each page.
What should happen if a user gets partially through the flow and leaves the website, then returns
later?
Ideally, the user should be returned to their place in the form where they left off. This is only applicable to
users who have actually submitted an email and password.
Should the Admin Section require authentication?
No! Please do not implement it. In a real-world scenario, of course this area of an app would be secured
via login, but it is not necessary for this exercise.
Do I need to load a set of US state data into my app for the address state picker?
No, for the purposes of this exercise, this can be left as a free-form text field.
What if I have additional questions?
Please email Travante (Travante.Richardson@getzealthy.com) with your questions.